Waterdeep is a massive metropolis, maybe the biggest in the [[World]]. Waterdeep contains different districts, known as Wards. Governed by an [[Open Lord]], a public leader who oversees a group of powerholders known as the [[Masked Lord]]s, a group of anonymous seated members of the governing Council. Waterdeep is a hub of culture and commerce, and is protected by the [[Blackstaff]], a sort of Chief of Security/Military for the city that oversees the City Guard, the City Watch, [[Force Grey]], and the Gray Hands, as well as some other factions.

Guild activity is high in Waterdeep, although the guilds of Waterdeep have their own separate compact with the 12 Dragonmarked Houses, which can be a source of tension in national politics. Instead, many separate guilds oversee all manner of business, trade, and artisanship, including the Guild of Guilds, which helps people engage in Guild Business and also helps inter-guild communication run smoothly and effectively.

Several powerful families and groups operate in Waterdeep, but of particular note are 2 groups, the Zhentarim (aka the Black Network) and the X Guild. These criminal organizations are a continual threat to Waterdeep and its inhabitants, but their illicit enterprises feed a whole host of power groups in the city and beyond, so these well supported groups have managed to evade destruction thus far. Recently they've become a lot more violent, as a result of a new dispute between the two criminal groups. Competitors in many fields, from mercenaries to illegal goods, to the slave trade, it is thought that the X Guild launched an all-out offensive on the Zhentarim in response to the loss of an X Guild treasure, the [[Stone Of Golorr]]. This stone was said to be instrumental in finding the [[Lost Dragons of Neverember]] and it is thought that the groups were vying for the fortune embezzled and hidden by the disgraced [[Dagult Neverember]], former Open Lord of Waterdeep.

Waterdeep was built in the area surrounding a massive megadungeon known as the [[Undermountain]]. The [[Undermountain]] was built by Halaster Blackcloak, an ancient and powerful wizard, for unknown reasons, and its main entrance a hole in the ground around which a tavern known as The Yawning Portal was built. The Yawning Portal is a massive institution in Waterdeep, and offers anyone the chance to challenge the Undermountain, or just watch hapless adventurers try their luck after a few drinks.

Waterdeep has a forcefield that prevents dragons from entering it.